This blog project has 4 types of page.
.Home page
.Blogs page
.Contact Page
.Single blog page

The implementation of the project has 5 php files,2 style sheets,image folder. Every page in the project has a php file with the same name as the 
page type.The 'blogs.php' file has an array that contains all the information of every blog shown in the project. Data from this array is fetched
to display detailed information of a blog in the single blog page.


Home Page
To make the home page responsive, flex display property is used on the body of the page. This page has 3 parts header,main,footer. To increase the
responsiveness of the page flex property is also used in the main section.
The home page has a header section which contains a logo on the left and navigation bar on the other side. This navigation bar with the logo always 
stays on the top of the page even when we scroll.The navigation section has links to goto the blogs page,contact page and the about section of 
the page. The main section of the home page shows the trending blogs. Here the project shows first 4 blogs in the 'blogs.php' file. Each blog has 
a title,short description and an image.
The footer section is linked with the about section of the navigation bar.


Blogs Page
When clicked on the 'Blogs' section of the navigation bar, our project will show the page which all the blogs. This page shows all the blogs which 
are in the 'blogs.php' file. This page also has similar header and footer section as the home page. The main section has two parts.First one is
the blogs section and the second one is the sidebar. Similar to the home page, flexbox design is used in this page also to make it responsive.
Here we also use flexbox design in the main section as well as in the blogs section. This nesting of flexboxes increase the responsiveness of
the page.
The blogs section shows a card for each of the blogs. Each blog also has a 'Read More' button, which takes us to a new page which shows us a 
blog in more detail.
The side bar has a search bar and a categories list. This part is not functional at the moment.


Single Blog Page
When we press on the 'Read More' button on a card of a blog in the blogs page, a new page opens. This page shows the title, image, author name,
description of the blog.
This page also has 3 parts like the other pages. The header and the footer section is similar to the other pages but the main section only has content
of a single blog.
The bottom of the main section has social media links to share the blog.   


Contact page
When pressed on the 'Contact' section of the navigation bar ,the contact page containing a form opens. This page also has 3 secdtions. The header and the 
footer is similar to other pages in the project. The main section of the page has a form. This page is also designed with flex box.
When data in the form is given correctly, a confirmation message is shown in green color. If we input any invalid data and submit it, an error is shown in
red color in the page.


Challanges Faced
.Improving the responsiveness
Here I implemented nested flex boxes to improve the performance.
.Removing Empty spaces on the page
Here I used flex grow property to manage the empty spaces in the page
.Reducing amount of code
Here instead using same piece of code multiple times to generate the cards for blogs, I used a php array to store all the information of every blog
and used a php for loop to iterate that array generate same html code for every blog card.  




